---
layout: post
title: "Professorship of Mathematics at Pforzheim University"
date: 2024-09-02
---

I am so excited to announce that I will fill the professorship of Mathematics at the [School of Engineering](https://engineeringpf.hs-pforzheim.de/) at [Pforzheim University](https://www.hs-pforzheim.de/) from October 1, 2024.

This professorship will mainly be responsible for teaching fundamentals of applied mathematics to students of applied mathematics, applied computer science, and artificial intelligence.
Courses in applied mathematics for engineering students will be part of the teaching profile as well.

Areas from mathematics that this professorship is responsible for in teaching:
- Calculus
- Linear algebra
- Numerics
- Stochastics

I am really looking forward to this new journey!
Being a professor at a university of applied sciences, in comparison to a university professor, means to have a higher teaching load since research is not put as much emphasis on as at universities.
But that is exactly what I really want to do: teaching.
I really enjoy to support people, particularly young people, getting on their path to gain insights in abstract structures.
I truly believe that thinking about abstract structures can shape one's personality in a good way as well as one's ability to analyze and solve problems of many types.
I hope that the students are ready and able to open themselves up for an adventure in some nice mathematics.

Link: [News Release of HSPF School of Engineering](https://engineeringpf.hs-pforzheim.de/detailansicht/news/neu_an_der_fakultaet_fuer_technik_professor_mario_teixeira_parente)
